2. Documentation change - section Tutorial : Pennylane Quickstart (#217)
XanaduAI/pennylane: doc/tutorials/New_Users.rst

.. role:: html(raw)
   :format: html

.. _New_Users:

Pennylane QuickStart
=====================

> These step-by-step tutorials familiarize the user with the basics of PennyLane. You will be more confident to implement your own interesting problems in PennyLane after you are done with this QuickStart!  

Reviewer: Might be best to avoid using the term 'user' in the tutorials section. Maybe something like this?
```suggestion
These step-by-step tutorials provided a gentle introduction to the basics of PennyLane. Once you have worked your way through the QuickStart tutorials, you will be ready to implement your own interesting QML problems in PennyLane!
```

.. |gs| image:: figures/bloch.gif
   :width: 260px
   :align: middle
   :target: quantum_gradients.html

.. _`Optimization in PennyLane`: optimization_in_pennylane.html
.. |plo| image:: figures/bloch.gif
   :width: 260px
   :align: middle
   :target: optimization_in_pennylane.html

.. Add your thumbnail to the table in the Gallery!

.. rst-class:: gallery-table

+--------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------+
| |qc|                                 | |op|                            | |qs|                       |
|                                      |                                 |                            |
| `Make your first Quantum Circuit`_   | `Get to know the Operations`_   | `Making Quantum States`_   |
+--------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------+
| |gs|                                 | |plo|                           |                            |
|                                      |                                 |                            |
| `Executing Quantum Gradients`_       | `Optimization in PennyLane`_    |                            |

> +--------------------------------------+---------------------------------+----------------------------+

Reviewer: Gallery page looks great!

Author: :)
